PD-488: mention that multiple interfaces on the subnet are not allowed (#1959)
truenas/documentation: content/_includes/MultipleInterfacesOnNetwork.md

---
---

{{< hint type=important >}}
Multiple interfaces connected to a single TrueNAS system cannot be members of the same subnet.

You can combine multiple interfaces with Link Aggregation (LAGG) or a Network Bridge.
Alternatively, you can assign multiple static IP addresses to a single interface by configuring aliases.

{{< expand "Click for more information" "v" >}}

> When multiple Network Interface Cards (NICs) are connected to the same subnet, users might incorrectly assume that the interfaces will load balance automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple Network Interface Cards (NICs) connect to the same subnet, users might incorrectly assume that the interfaces load balance automatically.
```
